c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\RegistarApp.dll.config
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\RegistarApp.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\RegistarApp.pdb
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\obj\Debug\RegistarApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\obj\Debug\RegistarApp.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\RegistarApp\RegistarApp\obj\Debug\RegistarApp.pdb
